Added utility workflow and documentation (#821)
lf-lang/lingua-franca: .github/workflows/README.md

### Unit tests
Several parts of the compiler are probed using unit tests. These tests are carried out using the [unit-tests.yml](https://github.com/lf-lang/lingua-franca/blob/master/.github/workflows/unit-tests.yml) workflow. This workflow also collects code coverage statistics based on these unit tests _as well as_ the joint coverage achieved by the target-specific integration tests. It does this using an [extra JUnit test](https://github.com/lf-lang/lingua-franca/blob/master/org.lflang.tests/src/org/lflang/tests/compiler/CodeGenCoverage.java) that carries out a lighter version of all the integration tests (skipping the target compilation and program execution parts, which do not involve much of our own compiler code).

### Utilities
Satellite repositories that make use of Lingua Franca may want to reuse workflows that are of general utility. These workflows can be found in `.github/workflows/util`.
#### Extract a ref from a .sha1 file ([extract-ref.yml](https://github.com/lf-lang/lingua-franca/blob/master/.github/workflows/util/extract-ref.yml))

> If a repository has a `.sha1` file (that stores a SHA1 hash) and wants to use its contents as variable in a workflow, then [extract-ref.yml](https://github.com/lf-lang/lingua-franca/blob/master/.github/workflows/util/extract-ref.yml) can be used to accomplish this. This workflow takes a single (required) parameter:

Author: ```suggestion
If a repository has a `.sha1` file (that stores a SHA1 hash) and its contents must be used as variable in a workflow, then [extract-ref.yml](https://github.com/lf-lang/lingua-franca/blob/master/.github/workflows/util/extract-ref.yml) can be used to accomplish this. This workflow takes a single (required) parameter:
```
